h1. Guestlist

Simple authentication using Github credentials.

h2. Installation

The installation is really simple, just throw this in your @Gemfile@:

bc. gem 'guestlist'

And run:

bc. bundle install

Or -- if you're using Rails 2.x -- put this in @config/environment.rb@:

bc. config.gem 'guestlist'

And run:

bc. rake gems:install

Include @Guestlist@ in your user model (mine is called @User@):

<pre><code>class User
  # It works with ActiveRecord too. ;)
  include MongoMapper::Document
  include Guestlist

  key :login,           String
  key :encrypted_token, String
end</code></pre>

Make sure you have both @login@ and @encrypted_token@ fields in your database if you're using ActiveRecord ("here's a migration":http://gist.github.com/369610), or add some <code>key</code>s to your "MongoMapper":mongomapper.com/ model like in the example above.

Believe it or not, you're all set. Let's try it (you can find your token on the "Github account page":https://github.com/account):

bc. User.authenticate 'github_login', 'github_token'

Guestlist will automatically create a new @User@ for you and return that, or false if you've entered a wrong login or token. The user's token is stored -- yes, encrypted -- , so next time you log in, it'll just authenticate you via the database.

h2. Contributing

Found any issues? Have a great idea? Want to help? Great! Create an issue "issue":http://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/guestlist/issues for it, or even better; "fork the project":http://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/guestlist/fork. Pull requests are always welcome. :)

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2009 Jeff Kreeftmeijer, released under the MIT license
